tiflash: add doc for tiflash spill to disk (#12982)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-spill-disk.md

    ```sql
    SET tidb_max_bytes_before_tiflash_external_group_by = 10737418240;
    SELECT l_orderkey, MAX(L_COMMENT), MAX(L_SHIPMODE), MAX(L_SHIPINSTRUCT), MAX(L_SHIPDATE), MAX(L_EXTENDEDPRICE) FROM lineitem GROUP BY l_orderkey HAVING SUM(l_quantity) > 314;
    ```

5. From the log of TiFlash, you can see that by configuring `tidb_max_bytes_before_tiflash_external_group_by`, TiFlash triggers the spilling of intermediate results, significantly reducing the memory used by the query.

    ```
    [DEBUG] [MemoryTracker.cpp:69] ["Peak memory usage (total): 12.80 GiB."] [source=MemoryTracker] [thread_id=110]
    ```

## Notes

* When the Hash Aggregation operator does not have a `group by` key, it does not support spilling. Even if the Hash Aggregation operator contains a distinct aggregation function, it does not support spilling.
* Currently, the threshold is calculated for each operator. If a query contains two Hash Aggregation operators, and the threshold is set to 10 GiB, then the two Hash Aggregation operators will only spill data when the memory usage of the operator itself exceeds 10 GiB.

> * Currently, the Hash Aggregation operators and TopN/Sort operators use the merge aggregation and merge sort algorithm during the restore phase. Therefore, these two operators only triggers a single data spill. If the memory required is very large and the memory usage during the restore phase still exceeds the threshold, the spill will not be triggered again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, the Hash Aggregation operators and TopN/Sort operators use the merge aggregation and merge sort algorithm during the restore phase. Therefore, these two operators only triggers a single round of spill. If the memory required is very large and the memory usage during the restore phase still exceeds the threshold, the spill will not be triggered again.
```
